URL encoding of query strings (#50)
APIs-guru/graphql-over-http: README.md

## GET

For HTTP GET requests, the query parameters should be provided in the query component of the request URL in the form of

> `key=value` pairs with `&` symbol as a separator and both the key and value having their "reserved" characters percent-encoded as specified in [section 2 of RFC3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2).

Author: ```suggestion
`key=value` pairs with `&` symbol as a separator and both the key and value should have their "reserved" characters percent-encoded as specified in [section 2 of RFC3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986#section-2).
```

The unencoded value of the `variables` parameter should be represented as a JSON-encoded string.

> For example, a function in JavaScript to build the URL for an operation might look like:

Reviewer: Not sure we should add JS code into spec.
I think the bellow example should be enough.

Author: Is not an example implementation useful / in-scope?

Author: (Happy to remove.)

Reviewer 2: I see value in having code examples like this, although we might have them as part of a conformance test suite/reference implementation.
